alright guys welcome to the part 6 of
the terraria Xbox let's play in the last
part we found a jungle underground
jungle and there's a dragon a snatcher
what the hell something very cool and
very rare we'll have to see about that
maybe some Xbox but yeah we're just
gonna kill it
this is that like plan for the next week
I'm going down this is a plan for the
next few parts we're going to come over
here we've got a demonic go we're going
to explore the underground jungle try
and find some cool things like chess
then we're going to find an underground
winter finder
we're going to find a demon out there so
that we can kill the boss also a hammer
we need to beat more minerals because we
only have one defense bonus come on
dragon actually get over here bro you're
starting to be annoying if you press
left my god this guy takes like damage
I'm sorry know about this game it's the
controls man and he'd get used to them
so bad okay
and he didn't drop anything
how awesome I thought something with a
name like that - dragon snatch you know
for these dragons I can't stand em
driven drop anything good oh oh I'm
doing it I thought I was in a an air
pocket then holy hell whoa scary stuff I
need something I need your help to
regenerate we get hurt I put a
regeneration holy crap we're gonna die
here good sound like we're going to
drown like the entire frickin let's
patch this oh I don't want that
oh my God look all these things getting
in the dragon honey we are so screwed
here okay
why'd you do this to me God why why
can't you just let me live happily ever
after why I hate my life
oh no the jungle Batman in oh my god I'm
panicking panicking panicking panicking
panicking do that please please do that
sonic in panic in thanking panic in 30
seconds come on I'm gonna skip this bit
by the way guys I couldn't even think
straight I could just put some of these
down and got back up here in like a
second what that's what panicking does
to people it stops you from thinking
straight oh my god I literally dropped a
brick wow that was so scary if my health
regenerating I cry it is I know I do I
didn't know that you regenerated but I
don't know it what's B so it closed it
down to see what we're dealing with here
oh my god there's a Hornet let's go this
way I feel safer yeah this is an
exploration part we're trying to find
some cool items I'm gonna have a heart
attack I don't like these Hornets they
are very strong and awesome yeah we
still got it we still got it
okay get rid of anything that we can get
rid of in the time being really well I'm
going to try and get rid of them some
things I'm sounding all them always boss
and think something touch them
oh we've only got five lenses are you
kidding me we don't have enough art oh I
thought we had six ah pike who still had
crystal had crystal hi crystal
get it get it get it get it go get it
get it get it go get it let's use it all
right we're one step closer to being
awesome right so you might be wondering
Bhutan what we're doing now well
exploring peoples we're on a quest to
get lots of armors lots of weapons we
just oh my god prana rubber
[Music]
I kind of want skill snatches now
because you can get some cool stuff my
god look all the minerals look at them
ha
call these minerals guys Sierra this is
an exploration part I don't know if this
is part 6 Oh up like a silver legs iron
chest this stupid bucket and then at
that point we should be strong enough to
kill the bus's the main objective really
for now to get to galakrond Skeletron is
like it's like the first major part to
choose from
Oh okeydoke let's go over here and kill
this snatcher guy dice not joking me
yard is it don't go by not something
that they drop it's very useful okay
moving on let's go over here thing that
I also love is the fact that there's no
degrade in oh my god that's so cool I
don't have to worry this one much worse
we moving on on our area hey guys it's
Adam it's I'm really glad this game came
out cuz it's added some life to this
channel now I got kind of bored of doing
Minecraft everyday for a few months well
not every day but every time I made a
video
it was minecraft Xbox and variety is
such such a good thing on YouTube
channels because number one it keeps
stuff fresh
and number two it also keeps things
fresh for the the guy who makes these
videos I can't tell you how much more
interesting this has made YouTube for me
right now so much oh crap robot please
I'm good I'm good I'm going to end up
saying that like every time I make a
video like I said one in 500 job chance
I come here piranha
sorry guys something came up that's why
this had to cut off so quickly in the
next part we're going to carry on from
where this left off but I had to go and
do something that's why this part cuts
off a bit shot I am sorry I hope you
guys did enjoy be sure to leave a like
if you enjoyed this shall part and the
next part will be up shortly thanks for
watching guys I'll see you later and
just once again thank you for watching